Rising Opera Star
Born with a singing voice that would be the envy of Pavarotti and Bocelli, Donor 18507’s talent is as impressive as his dimples are big, his smile bright, and his almond-shaped eyes beautiful. Having discovered his passion for music as a 14-year-old in his church choir, this aspiring opera singer is now working on a performing arts degree (3.7 GPA). Ambitious, kind-hearted, and supremely self-confident, his many creative outlets range from acting and dancing to cooking and repairing motorcycles.
Caribbean Charmer
With dark, long lashes, and dimples, Donor 18552 gets his broad shoulders from competitive weightlifting when he was younger. He graduated from high school two years early (with an associate degree), then got a bachelor’s in psychology and studied post grad — with a 4.0. He loves the arts (he’s pursuing acting) but is also very scientific. His favorite holiday is Thanksgiving. In his family it’s a big party with a “turkey-off” using the recipes of his Trinidadian and Jamaican sides of the family.
MVP Grad Student
Standing 6’2”, this MVP athlete is the kind of cool, confident individual who thrives on high-pressure situations. He’s always ready to take the final shot during close basketball games, lead group presentations, and speak up at events where audience participation is requested. A talented artist and storyteller working on his master's in media studies, Donor 17841 is excitedly exploring new horizons in digital photography, video, animation, music production, and 3D design.
Music Moves Him
All-Star Video Game Designer
Donor 17576 is a high school football hero (defensive MVP and all-star conference player) turned video game designer in college. Calm and decisive, he bases his decisions on their potential impact. He cares about his community and inclusivity, being most proud of his positive influence on the kids he tutors. He believes art should encourage thought. And nothing makes him laugh quite like a dog being goofy or a toddler trying to explain their side of the story.
6'4'' of Amazing
He’s a brilliant mathematician who considers Euler’s formula “elegant and beautiful” … two words that could easily be used to describe his own amazing singing voice and wonderful mind. Standing 6’4” with an athletic build, this talented singer was nicknamed “Boom Boom” as a child for his high-energy, fun-loving ways. A much calmer adult, Donor 17064 is a friendly physics grad (3.7 GPA) who enjoys working out, hanging with friends, visiting museums, playing basketball, and writing fiction.
A Family Man
Donor 16733 is sincere, outgoing, and warm-hearted. When he’s not playing scrabble with this beloved family, you can catch him volunteering in his local community. He’s bilingual with a passion for traveling.
Handsome Haitian American
Donor 5346 stands 6’2” tall, weighs 282 lbs, has kind brown eyes, dark skin, and curly black hair. He was born in America to Haitian parents. He’s open-minded, a good listener, focuses intently on tasks, and tends to be a leader rather than a follower. An undergraduate majoring in psychology, he’s a fast learner, gets better than average grades, and plans to attend medical school to become a physician. His dream destinations include Europe and the Caribbean, for the culture and the “rampant beauty.”
