6'4'' Soulful Musician
At 6’4, with wavy black hair and hazel eyes, this Donor 18784 is a beautiful combination of his Korean mom and Irish dad. He ran varsity track in high school and now stays fit by rock climbing. Currently a college student, he graduated high school with a staggering 4.16 GPA. In his free time, this passionate donor plays drums in a band and writes music. He finds inspiration from human connection and loves cooking for friends. Deep and thoughtful, he believes in banishing regret and releasing what he can't control.
Poli-Sci Marathoner
Donor 17858 is the one all of his friends go to for advice. He has a calm, caring personality, a warm smile, and thick shiny hair straight out of a shampoo commercial. A former varsity wrestler, he now runs marathons to stay fit. After falling in love with politics at a young age, he went on to get a poli-sci B.A., and now works as a political consultant. A lifelong foodie, he expresses himself by cooking for friends. Check out his nori chicken recipe in the Express Yourself section of his profile!
6-Foot CPA
This driven and resourceful CPA dreams of one day dining with Bill Gates, but money isn’t his top priority; friends and family come first. He’s seriously smart though, with a 3.9 HS GPA and a BA in business. He has a friendly smile, high cheekbones and a 6-foot frame he keeps fit by running. His big, happy Vietnamese family is healthy too, with grandparents living into their 80s and 90s. Oh — and he also gardens, raises chickens, and makes a mean tiramisu. Is there anything this donor can’t do?!
4.0 Adventurer
This wise donor has one request for future parents: “Life is unpredictable...whoever your child ends up becoming, I hope you support them to be the best possible version of themselves.” With a 4.0 H.S. GPA and a B.S. in computer science, he's certainly the best version of himself. He’s also athletic and adventurous, and even took a historic pilgrimage through China alone. Plus, he was prom king, but humbly admits, "It was also a random lottery, haha, so I'm not sure how much that counts."
Athletic Caretaker
You might say caring for others is in Donor 18435’s DNA. With teachers, ministers, and physical therapists in his family, is it any wonder this psychology major has become a certified nursing assistant? The captain of his former high school tennis team, he’s up for anything that’s active and sporty. He loves to celebrate the new year with his Korean family, enjoying dumplings “filled with love.” And he strives to be like an octopus: wise, adaptable, and courageous enough to defend what he loves.
Born Performer
After an unforgettable solo backpacking trip in Iceland, Donor 18027's life took an unexpected turn. This outdoor-loving, motorcycle-riding bilingual (English/Tagalog) Eagle Scout with a B.S. in Recreational Management was on the path to becoming a park ranger when the acting bug bit him. Pursuing a full-time acting career was the right move for this born performer, as his amazing hazel eyes, big smile, and impressive natural talent have already earned him a feature film appearance.
Car-Loving Biz Guy
Donor 17711 has golden-brown eyes, a charming smile, and a genuine laugh. It would be easy to mistake this outgoing 6’1” baseball player for a pro athlete. But he’s actually a business and marketing major, with a passion for tech and engineering. One of his hobbies is building computers and his passion is cars — Japanese imports specifically. He loves Chinese New Year for the food, good fortune, and chance to embrace his Asian culture. He’s also close to his sister, who always has his back.
MVP to Med School
Tall, with beautiful black hair and an infectious smile, Donor 18100 is a true standout. This MVP athlete is a talented film photographer and a promising songwriter, with two songs already streaming on Spotify. Currently working as a medical assistant, he's a Chancellor's Honors list student who graduated cum laude with a B.S. in Biology (3.8 GPA). His future plans include medical school (he earned an impressive 516 out of 528 on his MCAT) and continuing to blaze new trails as a Hip-hop artist.
Movie-Star Looks. All-Star Talent.
A talented professional musician, a gifted athlete, and a bit of a philosopher – there’s a lot to this handsome, 6’1” guitarist (Adult Photos Available). Charismatic with a great sense of humor, Donor 16948 is super social and makes lasting friendships easily. An adventurous home chef, his Korean dumplings are AMAZING (check out the recipe in his Express Yourself).
Smart, Fit, and Fun
Now going for his B.S.in Exercise Physiology, Donor 17951 is following up a stellar high-school career (e.g., 4.3 GPA, varsity football player of the year, 99th percentile in state mathematics exam, etc.) and service in the Marine Corps with an equally impressive list of achievements at the college level. This multilingual (English/Spanish/Taishanese) multiport athlete is focused on a career in physical therapy – an interest he chalks up to his healthy, long-lived family’s love of fitness.
Computer Science Cutie
You have to check out Donor 17566’s photos to see how this off-the-charts cute kid grew into such a handsome young man. Tall, fit, and fun-loving, Donor 17566 is a varsity state tennis champion with great SAT and ACT scores. Currently working on his BS in Computer Science with a concentration in human-centered computing (we told you he was smart), this trilingual (English/Korean/Spanish) thrill-seeker enjoys hiking, programming, Pokémon, swimming and rollercoasters.
Strong Swimmer
Currently wrapping up his Bachelor of Fine Arts in Photography with a 3.9 GPA, Donor 17651 is happily following his dreams as the first in his traditional Mexican family to pursue a college degree and work in the arts. Fluent in English and Spanish, and proficient in Japanese and Korean, this fun-loving visual artist and serious chocolate lover is also a wonderful writer and incredible cook. Six-foot tall and athletic, he’s a strong swimmer who made his mark as captain of his water polo team.
International Man of Amazing
Truly a man of the world, Donor 16973 is an ambitious free spirit who speaks seven languages, plays bagpipes, and the flute, loves horseback riding, and volunteers at non-profits helping POC and LGBTQ+ communities. This former professional cricket player and certified EMT is now using his master's degree in biochemistry and molecular biology to pursue a career in medicine.
Enthusiasm Gone Viral
6’2” with brown eyes, a very lean build, and a kind face, Donor 16534 exudes positivity and optimism. (Adult Photos Available) His kindhearted nature makes him very memorable with our staff. Creative and passionate, he channels his energy into video production. When he’s not busy creating t-shirt designs, funny content, or YouTube videos, he enjoys staying active by playing badminton, running, swimming, and dancing. Skilled at learning languages, he is fluent in Mandarin and is also learning Japanese.
Community First
Donor 16482 has brown eyes, smooth skin, and a clean-cut look. (Adult Photos Available) Humble and altruistic, in addition to serving in the military he also enjoys volunteering. Some of his good deeds include delivering food to senior citizens and driving veterans home from the airport. As a young child, he dreamed of becoming an FBI agent or joining the special forces in the military, and after he moved to the U.S., he joined the military and earned a degree in economics. Some of his special skills include math, rifle shooting, and fluency in Mandarin. He stays active participating in sports like basketball, swimming, cross-country, and karate.
Top Athlete Into AI
Though he's a gifted artist and musician, it's in sports and academics where this outgoing, bilingual (English/Mandarin) software engineer truly excels. Donor 17962 is a gold-medal-winning freestyle swimmer (Chinese National level 3) who's seriously into badminton and basketball. A graduate of a top-tier school, he earned 3.8 GPAs for both his B.S. in Computer Engineering (math minor) and his M.S. in Computer Science. Now, he's making his mark as an entrepreneur working in AI.
Big Heart, Open Mind
Donor 17019 has a gift; he can fix anything: cars, computers, plumbing, you name it. Now that he’s competed his BS in Kinesiology, he’s focusing on learning aviation maintenance. Unafraid of new challenges, this extremely fit, bilingual (English/Mandarin) adventurer pushes himself to excel in all things, from his hobbies (e.g., painting, mountain biking, etc.) to his relationships and career.
Brilliant PhD
A true ENTP personality (Google it, you’ll be impressed), Donor 17530 is a brilliant, U.S. Patent award-winning engineer. How brilliant? He received multiple offers from PhD computer/electrical engineering programs and then went on to graduate with a 4.0 GPA. Fluent in English and Mandarin (and studying Japanese in his spare time), this gifted athlete is seriously into mountain biking, basketball, backpacking, graphic design, and TED Talks. He can fix anything, including the most amazing meals.
Econ MVP
Donor 17866 may be an economics major, but he’ll remind you that no amount of money can buy a minute of time. He often spends his time playing video games with friends. He also enjoys coding because of the knowledge it takes to create and perfect it. A sporty teen, he was an MVP in both lacrosse and football (and an honors student) in high school. Both of his parents have master’s degrees in education, and he calls his dad his hero for the motivation he has always provided.
The Tinkering Traveler
Donor 17589 is a “tinkerer.” He began with deconstructing things to see how they work and advanced to creating objects with a 3D printer. With an MBA and a bachelor’s in mechanical engineering, he participated in state-level math (and swimming) competitions in high school. A big believer in paying it forward, he volunteers, helping kids with their college applications. Although his favorite memories involve the tastes of Chinese New Year, he loves pizza and will never turn down a brownie. Patient and empathetic, he finds nature broadening and travel a chance to learn a lot about himself.
B-Ball, Books, and the Butterfly Effect
A software engineer, donor 17608 earned a 4.0 while also playing basketball (and being named an MVP) for his university. A big believer in “the butterfly effect,” he is dedicated to making small positive changes to create an even greater impact. He reads one to two books a week (mostly sci-fi and business) because they help to “deepen his understanding of how things and people work.” His favorite holiday is the Spring Festival when all of his Chinese family gathers to make delicious dumplings. And at parties you’ll often find him sharing song parodies he’s created on his guitar or ukulele.
Double Black Diamond Donor
Donor 17564 has deep, dark-brown eyes, and a luscious beard. He is living proof that you can be both analytical and creative. He has a master’s in econ but loves watching cooking shows to inspire his own dishes (sautéing garlic is his favorite scent). And while his personality is highly agreeable, he’s also a master of deadpan sarcasm. He loves football (the Dolphins) and basketball (the Knicks) and learned to ski double black diamonds as an adult. With a Balinese, Russian, Hindu, and Jewish background, his family’s favorite holiday tradition is eating Chinese food and going to the movies.
Recipe for Success
Donor 17409 believes “love vanquishes all”! Plus, he’s tall, with a big smile and a deep voice. A hopeful restaurant-owner-to-be, he spent much of his childhood with his Chinese grandparents in the kitchen and calls cooking a “mindful” practice. He finds Oliver Twist inspiring, the industrial revolution interesting, and his cliff-jumping experience to be life changing.
He's Electrifying
Connections and movement. That’s what drives this physics and electrical engineering grad student/hip hop dancer. (Adult Photos Available) All about the mind-body connection, when Donor 17055 isn’t on the move (biking, hiking, doing yoga), you’ll find him “geeking out,” watching a YouTube video or a documentary. He has an Asian background, flawless skin, and a dream of reaching the “Seven Summits.”
A Bright & Brilliant Future
Tall, lean, and ambitious, Donor 17067 is going places fast. He wrapped up his BA in History (3.80 GPA) early from a top university to begin a full-ride scholarship to law school. Currently interning at a prestigious firm, this brilliant bilingual (English/Mandarin) future corporate lawyer is a creative poet who enjoys reading, cooking for friends and playing badminton.
Just What the Doctor Ordered
Slim, with an athletic build and high cheek bones … and a doctor?! It’s true. Donor 17121’s ambition (he was taking college courses in middle school) led him to his career in medicine. But he’s also always up for what he calls “Type 2” fun — an experience that’s not fun in the moment but rewarding in retrospect — like when he hiked to the top of a volcano. He enjoys traveling, and has visited more than two dozen countries, including China, where he spent a year learning about his heritage. He believes “everyone has something they can teach you,” and calls the smiling quokka his spirit animal.
Rock-Climbing Hemingway
Adult Photos Available
Sweet Success
Tall, polite, and approachable, Donor 16805 is quick to greet people with his kind smile. Smart and well-educated, this assistant professor is passionate about academic writing and has even won an international award in research. Always striving to be number one, as his mother taught him, he’s been the top student in his class, won an 800-metre race, and has earned multiple degrees. Although he’s usually busy with his academic career, he has an easy-going personality and enjoys singing karaoke, playing soccer and tennis, and traveling.
Animal Lover, People Person
If you were ever lost in the jungle, Donor 16928 is the man who would get you back home safe, sound, and laughing about your amazing adventure. Combining the skills of Angus MacGyver with the charm of Steve Erwin this outgoing future veterinarian is as handy as he is smart and cool-headed. With the kind of encyclopedic knowledge of wildlife that could win millions on Jeopardy, this talented documentary filmmaker’s many interests range from searching for rare sea life while snorkeling in Hawaii to his never-ending quest to find the world’s best bao.
PhD Piano Prodigy
If you’d seen Donor 16816 as a child playing a Beethoven sonata on the piano in his small village in China, you would have known immediately that this prodigy was destined for great things. Leaving home for the States at age 18 to pursue his education, this bilingual (English/Mandarin) go-getter went on to earn a PhD. in Polymer Science (3.95 GPA) and a successful career as a material scientist. Tall, slim, and fit from swimming, he’s seemingly good at everything he tries his hand at.
Dancing Scientist
A Dreamer and a Doer
One look tells you there’s something special about Donor 16910 with his shoulder-length jet-black hair pulled back into a ponytail, neatly trimmed beard and thick mustache, rosy cheeks, mocha brown eyes, and athletic build. An actor/singer/director with theater and film credits in his native Nepal, this multilingual (English, Hindi and Nepali) entertainment industry pro is now exploring a career as a writer. He’s a gifted soccer player and a passionate fan of cricket and international cinema.**The pictures provided are meant to represent the interests and/or activities of the donor. These are not photographs of the donor engaging in the activities.**
Soccer, Chess, & Coder
Watching The Matrix inspired this hard-working, chess-loving young man to learn coding and so began a passion – some would say an obsession – to master the limitless creative possibilities of software engineering. His dedication is such that he teaches coding to kids as a volunteer and enjoys practicing coding in C++ just for fun. Extremely fit and fluent in English and Spanish, Donor 16104‘s many interests include weekly soccer games with friends, reading, hiking, and working in ceramics.
A Man for a Cause
Wanderlust
This Bio Doesn't Do Him Justice
This biology major’s long-term goal is to join Doctors Without Borders. It’s the perfect choice for someone so obviously intelligent, talented, and good-hearted. A competitive swimmer and badminton ace who’s into modern dance, Donor 16622 speaks four languages, writes poetry, plays guitar, sings, paints, designs medical devices, and breeds tropical fish. Oh, and he’s a serious chef, too.
Drawn to Success
His smile charms us every time we see him, so warm and sweet. Guess we’d be smiling too if we were as talented as this bright, bilingual (English/Korean) young man. A skilled illustrator with a real gift for graphic design, Donor 16768 is currently exploring new directions in his art as a media design major. A swimmer who’s into water polo, Donor 16768 is that special kind of good-hearted person who is willing to put the effort into nurturing lasting relationships with friends and family.
Proud Dad
Donor 16417 has deep brown eyes, a warm smile, and a lean build. (Adult Photos Available) Intelligent and gifted at math, he is very proud of his educational and career accomplishments. He is fluent in Mandarin, achieved an excellent academic record in school, earned a PhD at a prestigious university in the U.S., and is growing quickly at a big company. As a child, he enjoyed drawing traditional Chinese pictures, swimming with friends, and playing basketball. Now, he stays active swimming and bodybuilding. Honored to be a father and husband, he is enamored with his son and became a donor so others could experience the joy of parenthood. Read his Express Yourself to hear more about his feelings about being a parent.
Future Nurse
Artistic Soul
Good Medicine Man
Donor 16371 wants to leave the world a better place. To that end, he’ll be attending medical school and working toward improving healthcare disparities. In high school, he toured Europe, playing violin at a professional level. Like his favorite animal, the sloth, he admits he may appear laid back on the outside. But inside, he’s “contemplating a large amount of ideas at any given moment.” Always eager to connect with others from diverse backgrounds, he’s conversant in four languages (including his parents’ native tongue, Chinese), and is learning a fifth one.
The Gift of Gab
Donor 16456 has warm brown eyes, thick wavy hair, and an athletic build. Smart, articulate, and disciplined, he leads his life with purpose and agility. He’s classically trained in piano and violin. He started playing tennis at the age of 6 and earned the title of “Most Inspirational Player” in high school. Serious about fitness and his diet, he also practices yoga and meditation. While life has thrown some obstacles his way, like surviving a natural disaster and graduating during a recession, his resilience kept him going. Loyal and kind, he is close with his family and loves his dog. Listen to his Donor Conversation to hear more from this gifted finance professional.
Tall, Smart, & Successful
Multilingual Math Maven
Food & Flight
Intelligent Researcher
Animal Enthusiast
By age six two life-defining experiences – getting his first dog and joining his first basketball team - set the course for Donor 16354’s future. His childhood love of animals has led this extremely fit Nicholas Tse lookalike to multiple degrees in animal science and the career of his dreams. Many lifelong friendships began on a basketball court for this quiet, but not shy, bilingual (English/Japanese) athlete. He’s a hard worker with a good sense of humor who earns extra income as a translator.
Genius Level Hero
As a member of Mensa, Donor 16187 is literally a genius, who enjoys “exploring the esoteric.” And although he has his degree in econ, his “strong calling to protect his community” led him to join the military — and to his career as a firefighter. He calls it his dream job, not only because it is so meaningful and rewarding, but also for the firehouse comradery it provides. Close to his family, his father gifted him with a love of the great outdoors. And always striving to “learn more about himself and the world,” he spent over a year backpacking around the globe. Next on his bucket list…Antarctica.
Trilingual Triathlete
The first thing you notice about Donor 15928 is his dimples. Next, is his impressive work ethic and determination. He juggled exams, an internship, and taking the GRE (as a second language) during college and managed to earn a full scholarship to a prestigious graduate school. He co-founded a company and worked 100+ hours a week to grow the company. Despite those long hours, he maintained a healthy lifestyle by exercising at a gym close by, eating a balanced diet, and getting enough rest by sleeping at the office instead of commuting.
Top Tech
Warm, sensitive, and dedicated to his family and friends, Donor 15961 is joy to be around. He is super close to his mom, and talks about her frequently in his Donor Info, recounting travel experiences and fond memories they share. He believes success comes from dedication and hard work. Although maintaining a great G.P.A. in school, he was also able to study on his own to become a certified technician by the Computer Technology Industry Association.
Keyboard Master
When not sitting at one keyboard or another, this software engineer and amateur composer can often be found on the tennis or basketball court. A self-motivated and disciplined student, he credits his strong relationship with his mother as an important part of his academic success. He is kind to all creatures and believes we need to protect Mother Earth. Although video games are a major hobby, he also sees the damage they can cause if not played in moderation.
Caring Computer Expert
Spending time with family makes Donor 15867 happy. His favorite family tradition is celebrating Korean Lunar New Year which he talks about in his Donor Conversation. This honor student has a degree in computer information systems and worked as an analyst and client manager. He loves playing all sports and even earned athletic awards in high school. Tennis and basketball are his favorite sports to play. Fluent in Korean, he enjoys singing Korean ballads and R&B songs. Friendly and respectful, he is considerate of others and has a cute smile.
Talented Trilingual
Donor 15862 is fluent in three languages: English, Mandarin, and French. Passionate about art, he enjoys drawing portraits, painting figures, and building sculptures. In addition to creating art, he is also fond of teaching others about art. This economics major dresses very stylishly and is always keeping up with the latest trends. Slender and toned, he works out regularly by playing tennis, doing Muay Thai, and lifting weights. He started playing piano at a young age and likes to play classical music. You can get a sense of his easygoing personality from listening to his Donor Conversation.
Aspiring Director
Kind and friendly, Donor 15830 can talk for hours about photography and movies. He studied hard in China to learn English so he could pass the GRE and earn an MFA in the United States. Ambitious and blessed with a vivid imagination, this writer and film editor hopes to become a movie director someday. Close with his parents, he values family traditions like making dumplings during Lunar New Year and cooking traditional spicy dishes. He’s a big soccer fan who enjoys both playing and watching the sport. He also stays active kickboxing, running, and doing high intensity interval training.
Data & Design
Creative and driven, Donor 15784 has a passion for data and photography. This detail-oriented web developer and designer is obsessed with gathering data and using spreadsheets to make decisions. Not only does he have an analytical mind, but he also has artistic talent. When he has his camera, he is determined to take the perfect photo. To see for yourself, check out his Personal Essay and Express Yourself. He also enjoys drawing, writing, and creating graphics.
Work Hard, Play Hard
Driven and intelligent, when Donor 15857 was just 10 years old, he started his first business so he could buy his mom a necklace. This “get down to business” attitude stayed with him throughout his life. Once an entrepreneur auditioning for Shark Tank, he now works in the finance world. He is a team player who enjoys a collaborative environment and jumps at the chance of taking leadership roles. Fitness is also a priority to him, so after work he’ll go for a jog, lift weights, or play basketball. He lives life to the fullest by constantly enriching his life with different people and different cultures. He enjoys salsa dancing and traveling as much as possible. (He’s already been to 41 states!)
Bilingual Brainiac
Intelligent and focused, Donor 15789 is proud of the life that he has built for himself. This neuroscientist and researcher knew what he wanted to do since childhood and feels that it’s a privilege to be doing what he loves. Preparation, patience, and curiosity helped him achieve his goals. He’s earned scholarships, research awards, and even a perfect SAT score in math. This science guy also has a creative side, he enjoys writing, painting, and wearing fun hats and sneakers. Kind and respectful, he has a friendly smile and attractive features.
Charismatic & Composed
Responsible and hardworking, Donor 15782 studied dental hygiene and is very proud of his college degree. Fluent in Cantonese, he is talkative, outgoing, and has an adventurous spirit. While he is skilled at building computers, he also has a creative side. He enjoys photography, portrait drawing, and singing. This positive thinker strongly believes in self-improvement and staying calm during stressful situations. He has a great smile, dimples, and is close with his mom. (Adult Photos Available)
Fit & Focused Filmmaker
Donor 15721 isn’t afraid to push his limits. Lean and muscular, this triathlete loves working out at the gym. Methodical by nature and physically fit, he trained with the ROTC. This analytical thinker has a good head on his shoulders and is passionate about his film work. Charismatic and social, he’s a great conversationalist. Always up for an adventure, he’s interested in learning about different cultures and trying new things.
The Write Stuff
Creative with a business mind, Donor 15647 earned his MBA and enjoys working on movies. Passionate about writing stories, his goal is to share one of his stories on the big screen for all to see. In addition to film, he appreciates all types of cultural activities like concerts, plays, and art exhibits. His love of music started as a youngster when he played the piano and saxophone. Also fond of traveling, he snowboards, scuba dives, and would love to learn how to fly a plane.
Perfect Score
Driven and hardworking, Donor 15557 started his first business at a young age. This economics major is proud to have graduated from college debt free and his mom is proud of her son’s math skills (he got a perfect SAT math score). In addition to being good at numbers, he was on his high school basketball, football, and swim teams. He also played the saxophone and drums. Energetic and outgoing, working in sales helped him to become more gregarious. Although he has his sights set on advancing his career and traveling the world, he is close with his siblings and makes time for his family.
Natural Leader
If you’ve got a problem, Donor 15512 will solve it. Since an early age, he’s liked to take charge; he was the president of his high school class and the captain of his state championship-winning high school soccer team. Like many of the best leaders, this donor has an impressive work ethic and remains very loyal to those closest to him. He’s also even-keeled and quick with a laugh. He enjoys testing his analytical thinking with strategy-based computer games. An avid hiking enthusiast, he once hiked the treacherous but stunning Tiger Leaping Gorge in China.
More Science Than Fiction
Hardworking, personable, and kind, Donor 15516 has the qualities to become a wonderful doctor. This med student enjoys helping others and worked as a counselor for autistic children. His goal is to become a trusted and affable physician, who both patients and colleagues can approach without hesitation. When he’s not busy studying, he enjoys reading science fiction books and creating clay models of his favorite comic strips. He stays active by running, biking, and swimming.
Up for a Challenge
Donor 15472 keeps his analytical mind busy by solving crossword puzzles, playing challenging board games, and participating in fencing. Witty and talented, he has a great sense of humor and a knack for writing. Passionate about movies, he hopes to produce his own film someday. When he’s not working on screenplays or editing, this bookworm enjoys spending time outdoors hiking and camping.
Community First
Donor 15253 is an avid volunteer at his local shelters and churches. He likes to feel connected to his community, and donating his time to the less fortunate and disadvantaged is a great way for him to do that. He always tries to go above and beyond to make sure that he fulfills his commitments, and describes himself as a steadfast and trustworthy person who hates to ever let anyone down. Obstacles are just seen as minor road blocks, as he does not let anything get in his way. Whether it is applying for a job or entering a stadium with the opposing team’s jersey on, he is never afraid to show the world his true self.
Lunch Money
When Donor 15262 puts his mind to something, he is relentless until he achieves his goal – like mastering the guitar in just three months. He isn’t afraid of putting in the time and effort it takes to learn a new skill. Once a shy individual, playing the guitar helped open him up to exploring new sides of himself and building his self-confidence. Now he is teaching large group lessons and becoming more and more outgoing every day. One of his favorite childhood memories is treating his father to a great lunch with pocket money he saved up. He remains a generous, sweet guy who values the important people in his life.
Outdoorsy Engineer
Based on his grades, you might assume this bilingual Mechanical Engineering major rarely ventures outside the lab. When he’s not hitting the books, this outdoorsman loves to fish and hunt! Determined and athletic, this multitalented man moved across the world at a young age to pursue his engineering dreams, and never stopped to look back. While his clean-cut look and intense brown eyes might make 15063 come off as serious, this comedy-lover knows how to have a good time!
Lean On Me
This 6’1”, broad-shouldered nursing student might have a twin brother, but he’s one of a kind! Bilingual in Mandarin and English, 15096 is a skilled communicator who enjoys talking to people from all over the world. While he’s accomplished plenty at such a young age, this self-starter remains most proud of paying his own tuition with no support from his parents – and learning his trade in a second language, to boot! In his free time, this art enthusiast likes to read and write.
A Humble Genius
Donor 14935 graduated from a Ph.D. program in biomedical engineering with a near-perfect GPA. He’s crazy-smart, but is far too humble to brag about his academic achievements. Instead, he is proudest of his personality and ability to connect with others. He loves spending time with his friends, co-workers, and family, and often sets up hikes, pick-up basketball games, and bike rides to get everyone together. He’s a skilled conversationalist, too in English and Mandarin. To top it off, this academic whiz is also super sporty: he’s an avid cyclist and runner.
Lots of Languages
As a Resident Advisor in college, this aspiring entrepreneur has gained the leadership skills necessary to achieve his dreams in the business world. Fluent in English, German and Mandarin, this scholar considers himself a quick learner, and maintains a busy schedule by being both organized and passionate. While he’s unmistakably a young professional, you might be surprised by his casual style and laid back attitude! When he’s not working toward his future as an executive, 14724 enjoys fishing and playing guitar.
Funny Guy, Financial Whiz
This MBA candidate exudes humility, but it’s difficult to hide such an abundance of talent and intelligence. Having kept busy studying Finance since his undergraduate days, this 5’10” basketball enthusiast knows just about everything there is to know about the economy. Quiet but naturally funny, this family man is aiming for the top of the corporate ladder once he completes his studies. In the meantime, he likes to hike, watch horror movies and share Chris Rock bits with his friends.
Jack of Hearts
14759 is quite the “Jack-of-All-Trades.” He paints with oil and pastels, designs 3D models, codes websites, trains in martial arts, rides motorcycles, and skydives. He’s also obsessed with technology, and can fix even the most complicated computer problem. He puts his skills to work at a tech company, where he patiently teaches people how to use their computers. On the job, he is outgoing and kind, telling quirky jokes to ease his clients’ frustration. When he’s not behind a screen, this romantic guy is usually spending time with his wife, trying to convince her to do crazy things. Most recently, he coaxed  her into sitting in a plane that he piloted for the first time. Luckily, they survived!
Math Champ
This recent college graduate has a knack for applying creative solutions to technical problems, an attribute which helped him earn a Mechanical Engineering degree. A math state champion in high school, you’ll never catch this sharp dresser in anything more casual than a shirt and tie. While he’s excited about the next steps as he moves into his career, this happy-go-lucky computer programmer still finds plenty of time to practice his violin and play some badminton with friends.
Everyone’s Friend
Everyone knows the usual high school stereotypes, and 14593 got along with all of them. His interests were always varied in high school, and he had different groups of friends to discuss different topics he was interested in. This intelligent and well-rounded guy hasn’t changed a bit since then, other than adding a Master’s degree in environmental health science to his resume. In his free time, he’s training to be a bodybuilder, finds plenty of time for his family, and never says no to a hike with friends. He’s excited to see where life takes him—most recently, it took him to Asia, where he studied air pollution in China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan.
Gain Without Pain
14455 spends most of his time in the gym. Even though he’s in fantastic physical shape and a muscular 6’, he’s not usually working out himself. He’s a personal trainer! As he guides his clients through tough workouts, he cracks jokes to lighten the mood, talks to them like a friend, and genuinely cares about their well-being and improvement. His outgoing and charming personality carries over into the rest of his world as well. Outside of the gym, 14455 likes to stay even more active by playing sports, learning Photoshop, and computer programming.
The Human Condition
This Bio-engineering major may be the next Einstein in terms of math skills, but that hasn’t slowed down his creative side one bit! A self-described bookworm, this outgoing young scholar has always had a flare for the dramatic, which he currently channels into his acting roles on his friends’ student film projects. In addition to his passions for acting and writing, 14578 definitely enjoys the occasional game of pickup basketball!
Modern Beethoven
14487 is a lifelong learner. He is currently working toward his Master’s degree in environmental engineering, but still finds time to study other topics that interest him, including music and 19th century culture! Since he’s an incredibly skilled pianist, he loves to read up on famous French composers and play their music. In addition to his intellect, 14487 is extremely kind, with a thoughtful, gentle personality and a good heart. He tutors in his spare time and is always excited about the prospect of meeting new people.
6'4 & Funny
Donor 14548 moved to the United States from China alone. He made an extremely daunting task look easy, picking up English quickly and earning an acceptance from a college with a great accounting program. Now that he’s in school, he’s adapting to American life quite well—his new friends love his quirky sense of humor, down-to-earth personality, and thoughtfulness. When he’s looking for a good time, this 6’4’’ guy enjoys hitting the gym, playing basketball, and singing!
Willing to Risk it All
14185 is a risk taker—in addition to skydiving four times and bungee jumping, he loves playing high-stakes poker. His steadfast interest in trying new things and throwing himself (sometimes literally) into situations came in handy when he started his own company! As CEO, he uses his people skills, likable personality, and killer business instinct to close big deals. He also has excellent fashion sense, and is always dressed in a stylish suit during workdays. When the evening arrives, he’ll often change into exercise clothes and play badminton, football, and run with his little brothers and friends, who love him for his sense of humor and always-energetic personality.
Dashing Designer
14232 grew up scribbling drawings in his notebook. Little did he know, years later he would use his passion for art to become an incredibly talented graphic designer. It took a lot of dedication and drive to get to where he is, since he arrived in America at age 15 without any knowledge of English. Thanks to his friendly and laid back personality, he made friends easily and was able to succeed in school and quickly learn English. In only three short years, he was accepted into a fantastic college! When he’s not creating beautiful designs with his mouse, he loves to play badminton, dance, sing, and cook.
Design Master
As a child, 14143 loved to tinker and invent things out of various supplies he found around his house. Years later, this Master’s engineering student has not lost his passion, and still spends all of his time designing, inventing, and imagining the industrial future of the world’s cities. His innate creativity spills over outside the classroom as well where he enjoys oil painting and calligraphy. When he’s not furiously scribbling at his plans at school, he absolutely loves to travel (a passion he inherited from his mother, who used to take him around the world) and talk to his friends about technology, sports, and life. Brown-eyed and handsome, he makes his friends feel at ease and happy around him—they especially love his quick wit and fun-loving spirit, particularly when he breaks out into song and dance (which happens often!). 
6' of Fun
14109 says he owes everything to his family—his parents, who immigrated to America from Vietnam, taught him the values of hard work and compassion. They have also supported him throughout his life, all the way through college (where he studied business) and into his current job in financial services. Although sometimes introverted, he really opens up around his family and friends, who love his goal-oriented, kind, and hilarious personality. His hard-working attitude extends beyond his work life, and he follows a strict exercise schedule each week (he particularly loves lifting weights and playing basketball).
Big Heart Biomedical Engineer
14045 is a wonderful combination of intelligence and pure kindness—he is working towards his PhD in biomedical engineering and has the biggest heart! He loves helping people, giving his friends advice, and just providing a listening ear. His friends and family are the most important thing in the world to him, and he spends as much time with them as he can (when he is not studying). He loves his work, and often spends hours researching topics that fascinate him online. In his free time, he enjoys photography, singing, drawing, and almost every sport—he is very athletic, and once climbed a 12,000 foot mountain in under 17 hours!
Future Physician
This cell and molecular bio student is looking forward to attending medical school and a career as a physician. Curious and dedicated as a student with an excellent academic record, his maturity and patience have helped develop him into an even better tutor and teaching assistant. This knowledge-seeker is also an outdoorsman who enjoys hiking and camping—once embarking on a 30 mile backpacking trip with friends. 13987 has a variety of talents, as well… He speaks English, Hindi, and Nepali and enjoys doing graphic design and playing cricket.
The World Will Be His Playground
After spending so much time in the classroom learning about the cultures of the world, this geography student is ready to take his adventurous spirit on the road and see the world firsthand. His dream destination is Tibet, but he also hopes to traverse the rest of the globe during his lifetime, and is extremely passionate about this goal. This wanderlust-er has a cool, laid-back personality and loves spending time with his many friends. He is thoughtful and caring, and loves to draw (no doubt his sketchbook will be full of amazing places one day!). Athletically built, with a rugged jawline and deep brown eyes, he loves to play football, bike, and skateboard in his free time.
Spontaneous Scholar
This well-educated scholar is not only excellent in the classroom—he is also quite the adventurer! With a master’s degree in finance and risk management, 13704 uses his intellectual skills by day as a financial services employee. In his off time, he enjoys exploring his curious side; he loves studying Chinese history and traveling the world. In his younger days, he even took a spontaneous 10-day road trip across the country! His adventurous side extends to his hobbies, which include badminton, karate, and snowboarding. He is also quite the people-person, and his friendly, warm smile helps him attract many close friends whom he values highly.
Best of Both Worlds
13910 is a man of great contrast, with a tough athletic exterior and artistic soft-side. He balances two careers as a personal trainer and actor, and is proud of his roles on the screen and in theatre. When he’s not working out or rehearsing for a new role, 13910 loves to go on adventures, such as his month-long trip to Europe, and expressing himself artistically. He loves to write poetry and music (and to sing it, too). He is excited for a life of travel and exciting experiences, and is eager to continue to pursue his dreams.
Follow Your Art
An economics major with excellent math skills, Donor 13820 is now a professional dancer! He is particularly talented in hip-hop and breakdancing—an art form which requires almost superhuman strength, flexibility, and athleticism. He says that his ability to pursue his passion is in large part thanks to a close-knit family, and he credits his father with giving him the support and ambition necessary to seek success doing what he loves: creating art. What makes Donor 13820 so special is his ability to combine humility and philosophical introspection with high energy and charisma. In his spare time, he loves riding his bike or taking it easy and watching stand-up comedy.
Loves to Help
Donor 13608 is brimming with positivity, from the tips of his stylishly-spiked dark hair down to his toes. His nice big smile shows off his sweet and charming personality, and while he surely knows he’s a sharp dresser, this humble guy would never brag. A behavioral therapist, he appreciates the opportunity to help people every day, and when he isn’t helping others, he helps himself improve in any way he can. He loves the great outdoors, and you can find him learning the guitar, or honing his basketball skills as often as you can find him playing a game of flag football or soccer among friends.
Grade A Optimist
He may have earned a stellar GPA in both high school and college, but Donor 13229 isn't satisfied yet – this avid learner is always eager to discover more. Analytical and rational, he is an independent thinker with a unique worldview, and plenty of optimism – he sees the world as a place where humor and happiness can always be found. He has well-rounded interests, running the gamut from math and computer science to philosophy, and politics. A fan of music, his tastes include classical music as well as popular tunes, and he enjoys playing games and sports from basketball to running.
Cooking Up a Storm
With an assortment of interests ranging from wrestling to creating new recipes, Donor 13240 always has something cooking. This tall and handsome foodie enjoys brewing his own beer at home and his favorite types of cuisine include Korean, Italian, and Indian. Skilled in a variety of sports, he stays active with basketball, golf, and hapkido (Korean martial art). Fluent in Mandarin, this friendly college grad hopes to travel to every continent, in order to experience the lifestyles of different people.
Great Hair, Great Smile
Your first impression of Donor 13210 may be that he is super cute, with great hair and a winning smile that never seems to leave his face. Once you get to know him better, you’ll find that this laid-back and funny guy also has a witty sense of humor and loves a good play on words. Always enthusiastic to learn something new, he taught himself to play the guitar, piano, and even sing. This motivated guy may already know exactly what he wants, but his advice to others still looking is simple: find and pursue what you love to do– it is more important to be happy than rich.
Musical and Funny
A classically trained musician who plays two instruments and sings, Donor 13009 is as witty as he is musical. He has a wacky sense of humor, which he enjoys showing off in satirical writing, but he also enjoys spending time doodling and playing volleyball. Fun-loving and creative, he has a preppy style and comfortable presence that puts everyone at ease. Although he has already travelled to several countries, this well-liked guy has never explored the U.S., and would love to go on a road trip across the country, from Florida to Alaska.
Can We Talk?
Charming, friendly, charismatic, and outgoing, Donor 12337 has a great presence and innate ability to get along with anyone. Clean-cut and well-dressed, he’s always ready to strike up a conversation, and whether he’s being funny or serious, speaking English or Vietnamese, this loving family guy has something to say. He’s most proud of his wife and two beautiful daughters, and this engineering major would love to see the Great Wall of China, to experience the awe and appreciation of what man can accomplish.
Warm and Charming
With warm brown eyes and a great smile, this future entrepreneur is a true charmer. Bright and outgoing, he approaches life with determination and passion. Whether it is mastering the clarinet and piano or playing basketball, volleyball, or swimming, Donor 12180 embraces every challenge. Tri-lingual and well-traveled, he enjoys a very close relationship with his family. Most proud of his educational and professional success, being able to help others achieve their dreams of having a child ranks right up there as well.
Serious Globetrotter
With his thick, wavy, black hair, cute dimples, and cleft chin, Donor 11576 combines the looks of actors Chin Han and Won Bin with the oh-so sweet serve of tennis star Zhang Ze. He’s a multilingual (English, Chinese, Spanish, and some Japanese) economics grad enjoying a fast-paced life travelling the world as a management consultant. Yet, it’s where things are slower – places like Tibet, Ethiopia, and remote regions of China  – that hold special appeal to this friendly and fearless omnivore.**The pictures provided are meant to represent the interests and/or activities of the donor. These are not photographs of the donor engaging in the activities.**
Success
Donor 11560 is a hard worker and self-starter. Growing up he would not have guessed that he would be as successful as he has become. He is humble in that success, and continues to strive and work hard to maintain the lifestyle he enjoys. Being physically fit is important to him, in addition to doing well in school. He would not consider himself a social butterfly, but he isn’t afraid to express himself when he has something important to say.
Kayaking Komedian
Proud of his Chinese heritage, Donor 11432 is fluent in both Mandarin and Cantonese. At 6’, he is in good shape thanks to his love of outdoor sports like long-distance running, hiking, and kayaking. He also enjoys drawing and sketching. With a B.A. in International Relations, 11432’s career goals include teaching full time and traveling around the world. Serious when necessary, he also loves to show his fun-loving side and considers himself down-to-earth, friendly, and curious.
Mr. World Traveler
An adventurous globe trotter with straight black hair, light olive skin, full lips, and dreamy brown eyes, this fun-loving, multilingual (English/Korean) financial advisor is looking forward to visiting South America and Antarctica – the only two continents he’s yet to roam. Friendly, outgoing, and responsible, Donor 11361 is a serious basketball fan with a BS in business. His close-knit Korean family instilled his deep appreciation of hard work and education (he sees an MBA in his future). **The pictures provided are meant to represent the interests and/or activities of the donor. These are not photographs of the donor engaging in the activities.**
Simply Amazing
Building computers from scratch is just a hobby for this math whiz, who earned a B.A. and B.S. in Economics and Computer Science. When he’s not working on problems in integral calculus, probability, or statistics, he’s usually working out, playing tennis, or composing music, and he’s been playing piano since the age of four. He’s friendly, funny, polite and considerate, and his ultimate ambition in life is to be a wealthy philanthropist.
Move Over, Stephen Hawking!
This picture-perfect donor is an absolute math whiz, with an M.S. in Mathematics and Physics and four years of post-graduate study toward a PhD in Physics. Not just a super-intellectual, he plays the violin and piano, and enjoys running, swimming, and soccer. Having grown up in Hong Kong and traveled much of the world, he hopes to visit the Amazon rain forest and the Great Wall of China. Out-going with a friendly smile, he hopes to one day work as a physicist and teach at a major university.
Academic All-Star
Donor 11278 has earned an academic resume to die for: a 4.0 GPA in high school, a 4.0 GPA in college, a B.F.A. in Architecture and Fine Arts, an M.A. in Media Design, and 2 years of post-graduate work in Film. But don’t mistake him for a nerd – he played football and volleyball in high school, and stays in shape with cycling, kendo, snowboarding, basketball, and tennis. Artistically, he’s talented in drawing, design, photography, and guitar.
Creative and Driven
Maintaining a healthy balance between his personal life and his business career seems to come naturally to Donor 11245. Self-disciplined, hard working, and determined in his professional life, he’s creative, artistic, and easy-going at home. 5’10” and clean cut with brown eyes, this dog lover enjoys individual sports like snowboarding, weightlifting, surfing, and swimming. He is also a big fan of traveling and would love to retire at an early age to travel the world, learning about different cultures – especially their foods!
Dentist in Training
Open wide! This donor will be fixing your teeth, someday. With a B.S. in Neurobiology, he’s now pursuing past-graduate study in Dentistry. Serious, hard-working, and focused, he’s determined to succeed in every endeavor he takes up. The son of Filipino parents, he’s 5’7” tall, weighs 147 lbs, and has black hair, olive skin, and attractive brown eyes. He stays fit with basketball, tennis, and running. One of his major ambitions is to visit all the historical sites in Europe to get in touch with ancient history.
Inspired Foodie
That his almond eyes are as brown as the finest dark chocolate and his hair is as jet black as a tsar’s favorite caviar is somehow perfectly fitting for an aspiring restauranteur ready to make his mark on the food world. Inspired to open a chain of restaurants by his Malaysian mother’s home cooking, this ambitious, multilingual  entrepreneur – picture a taller, leaner version of Ken Jeong - has prepared for success by earning a bachelor’s in biochemistry and a master’s in food science.**The pictures provided are meant to represent the interests and/or activities of the donor. These are not photographs of the donor engaging in the activities.**
Future Physician
The son of Chinese parents, Donor 11048 stands 5’9” tall, weighs 165 lbs, and has an attractive face with dark eyes and black hair. He’s no doubt making his parents proud with his academic achievements – a B.S. in Molecular, Cell, Developmental Biology, and post-graduate work in Health Services. His ultimate goal is to become an M.D. and have his own practice. He’s serious, smart, focused, and motivated. When he’s not cracking the books, he enjoys basketball, swimming, sparring, kung fu, and badminton.
Intelligent and Brave
Donor 11011 is 5’10” tall, weighs 145 lbs, and has brown eyes and black hair. Skilled in a variety of sports, his favorite is football. In college, he earned a B.S. in Electrical Engineering, and plans to run his own business. He wants to travel the world and loves exploring new places, cultures, and cuisines. He describes himself as “decisive, diligent, brave, and ambitious,” to which you can add intelligent, gentle, quiet, and friendly. His bloodline is Chinese, and he’s very close to and proud of his family.
Tall and Talented
A skilled athlete and member of his high school track and ski teams, this math whiz’s most impressive win may have been in the SATs, where he scored a perfect 800 in math. Good with his hands as well as sketching and drawing, Donor 5686 is a truly well rounded individual. With hobbies ranging from computers and electronics to spinning records as a DJ, he considers himself humorous and good-natured. 6’1” and 170-lb, he hopes to one day make a “lasting impression on humanity and the world.”
Perfect SAT Math
It’s true. Donor 5626 scored an 800 on his both his SAT and SAT II math sections. A natural born entrepreneur, he started his own company in college and played on the varsity golf team. Shy among strangers but out-going and funny around friends, 5626 has played the piano most of his life. Although his primary goal is to establish his own finance company in China, he would be just as happy making his fortune on Wall Street and retiring to play golf all day.
3-D Animator
This donor was born in China to Chinese parents, but hopes to relocate to Japan for a job in 3-D animation. Hopefully, his college degree in 3-D animation will combine with his natural artistic talent to help him find his dream job, creating movies “that touch people’s hearts.” He’s most proud of his compassion for other people and constantly considers how his actions will affect others. He’s 5’10” tall, weighs 160 lbs, and keeps himself in top physical shape with badminton, soccer, and swimming.
Got it Together
His warm brown eyes give off that Golden Retriever vibe of love, loyalty and trustworthiness. His nice teeth – you see them every time he smiles – make us smile. Born in Vietnam and raised in the States, Donor 3689 is a dark-haired, fun-loving athlete (basketball is his game) who studied psychology in college before becoming an account manager for a software company. Fluent in English, Spanish, and Vietnamese, a good time for him includes bowling, shooting pool, and playing cards with friends. 
Man with a Mission
Quick with a shy smile that’s won him many friends here since leaving his native Indonesia, Donor 3637 is a man with a mission. His dark, almond-shaped eyes flash as he describes his goal of helping improve access to food, housing, and education for underserved people in developing countries. A trilingual (English/Indonesian/Javanese) athlete with jet-black hair, beautiful olive skin and a nice singing voice, he has a Master’s in Public Policy and Management and plans to pursue his PhD.**The pictures provided are meant to represent the interests and/or activities of the donor. These are not photographs of the donor engaging in the activities.**
Peaceful Harmony
Easy-going and likeable, Donor 5502’s sense of humor and sunny disposition are what you first notice about this musical and artistic guy. Hard-working, trustworthy, and responsible, he plays the viola, recently began learning the harmonica, and volunteers whenever possible. He also, in whatever spare time is left, plays chess, sketches, surfs, swims, plays basketball and baseball, does home repairs, and is an avid reader. With all that to keep him busy it’s no wonder he has plans to set up his life as a chiropractor in the relaxing and beautiful Hawaii.
ABOUT THIS DONOR
Our 90-day Donor Information Subscriptions provide access to all available information on every donor for one low fee. Level 2 and Level 3 items are view only and NOT DOWNLOADABLE. Subscriptions are non-refundable.
Tall Mechanical Engineer
A B.S. in Mechanical Engineering is the immediate goal of this donor, who hopes eventually to work as a lead engineer for a major defense contractor, like Raytheon, Lockheed, or Boeing. He studies the military like it’s a team and he’s a fan. He’s also into karaoke, astrology, psychology, economics, and sociology. He stands 5’11” tall, weighs a slender 150 lbs, and has brown eyes, olive skin, thick black hair, and stays in good physical shape with jogging and ultimate Frisbee. His heredity is Chinese.
Legal Delight
This charming lawyer-to-be is intelligent and giving; his ultimate goal is to help someone have a child. Driven and motivated, his quiet spirit and lively mind are sure to take him far. A man of few words, he enjoys studying law when he's not tinkering with electronics or exploring different countries. Confident, straightforward and likeable, Donor 756 will succeed in whatever he chooses to do. 
Handsome Rock-Climber
Scaling sheer cliffs and running cross-country keep this Korean-born biology student in tip-top shape. He stands 5’9” tall, weighs 145 lbs, and has straight black hair, olive skin, brown eyes and handsome features. When he’s not punishing his body on the rocks, he likes to sing in a band, play the guitar, dance, sculpt, watch movies, and write short stories. His career goal is to be a musician/artist/writer. In terms of personality, he’s personable, realistic, confident, sincere, mildly sarcastic, and fun-loving.
Musical Dentist
Piano keys aren’t the only ivories in this donor’s life – a pre-med student with a B.A. in Biology, he’s well on his way to achieving his professional goal, a medical degree in dentistry. When he’s not working on people’s teeth to make their smiles as nice as his, he can be found on the tennis court, smiling at every ace he serves. Besides piano, he plays guitar and loves all music but has a particular passion for opera. He’s an impressive 6’ tall, weighs 185 lbs, with warm brown eyes, black hair, and a winning smile.
Jazz Musician
Like many other math whizzes, Donor 3046 has developed his creative side through music. Particularly fond of jazz, he plays the piano and the trumpet. He’s also skilled in studio art and drawing, and his ultimate ambition is to direct a major motion picture. In college, he double-majored in East Asian Studies and Business & Administration. At 5’10”/165 lbs, he cuts a fine, athletic figure on the baseball field. He’s outgoing, friendly, and direct, proud of his heritage and close to his family.
Optimistic Altruist
This donor’s highest ambition is to “put an end to homelessness.” With a B.A. in Economics and Urban Studies and Planning, he looks forward to a career in making the world a better place. Besides being optimistic and self-effacing, he’s happy, humorous, personable and outgoing. An avid swimmer and skier, he excels at water sports. Though not exactly a prodigy, he enjoys playing piano and prefers classical, light jazz, and soft pop. Asia is his dream destination, so that he can explore the origins of his culture.
Inquisitive and Energetic
A career in Nursing is the professional ambition of Donor 890, who describes himself as “caring, empathetic, and a good listener,” all excellent qualities for a future nurse and a future parent. He’s 5’10” tall, weighs in at 165 lbs, has inquisitive brown eyes and straight black hair. His heredity is Korean. His athletic skills include football, tennis, and basketball, and his artistic skills include playing the violin and the electric guitar, and drawing. His dream destination is South Korea, so that he can reacquaint himself with his homeland.
Nerves of Steel
An aggressive “go getter” who isn’t afraid to take chances, Donor 763 enjoys rock climbing and looks forward to trying his hand at hang-gliding and bungee jumping. A talented athlete, he plays basketball, football, tennis, and his favorite, volleyball. When he isn’t pumping adrenalin, he plays guitar, gets out his camera, or performs magic tricks. Korean by heredity, he stands 5’10” tall, weighs 190 lbs, and has brown eyes and black hair. He’s a History major and is planning for a career in law.
Ambitious Reformer
Born in Hong Kong to Chinese parents, Donor 894 has earned a B.A in Business and Economics to prepare himself for his ultimate ambition – to reform Communist China into a Republic. His fondness for camping, traveling, and expeditions will no doubt be useful in helping him achieve another life goal – to explore remote and undeveloped regions of China. He stands 5’9”, weighs 140 lbs, has black hair and brown eyes, and he stays in shape with hiking, swimming, squash, soccer, and running.
Adventurous Martial Artist
The sky isn’t falling, it’s Donor 1136 parachuting from an Air Force plane to a special combat mission on the ground. Besides skydiving, he enjoys martial arts, running, swimming, cycling, and volleyball. While he’s proud of his military service, his ultimate ambition is to be a physicist and “really do some good for mankind and the Earth.” Toward this goal, he has earned a B.A. in physics and excels at high math. He’s “comfortable and creative” with a pencil, and played the violin for ten years.
Passionate and Compassionate
Whatever Donor 701 gets involved in, he pursues it with passion, whether it’s sports, hobbies, or school. He loves to participate in basketball and tennis, which helps him keep in great physical shape. Culturally, he’s passionate about tragic figures of the past, like James Dean and Marilyn Monroe, and tragic writers, like Oscar Wilde and Silvia Plath. In dealings with people, he’s compassionate and he wants to make a positive difference in the world. He’s 5’9”/130 lbs, with brown eyes and brown hair.
