Academic Marathoner
After slaying high school with a 4.2 GPA and honors, Donor 18689 is now studying human biology and society in college. He describes himself as an empathetic and sensitive, but he also has a competitive side and loves debating movies or playing board games with friends — and winning! He stays fit by running and even completed his first marathon, recently. He’s a pasta and sandwiches kind of guy with jet black hair and a cute chin dimple. One day, he hopes to travel to Seattle to see the Space Needle.
Poli-Sci Marathoner
Donor 17858 is the one all of his friends go to for advice. He has a calm, caring personality, a warm smile, and thick shiny hair straight out of a shampoo commercial. A former varsity wrestler, he now runs marathons to stay fit. After falling in love with politics at a young age, he went on to get a poli-sci B.A., and now works as a political consultant. A lifelong foodie, he expresses himself by cooking for friends. Check out his nori chicken recipe in the Express Yourself section of his profile!
Dancing Donor
One look at the beautiful, smiling, brown-eyed boy in his childhood photos may be all you need to realize that he's 'the one.' Born in Ecuador but now residing in the United States, Donor 18383 is a graduate of an overseas medical school. He is currently working as a postgraduate research fellow while preparing for the US Medical Licensing Exam. A gifted athlete, he especially enjoys basketball, tennis, football, and swimming. Dancing, cooking, and hiking are his favorite ways to relax.
Caribbean Charmer
With dark, long lashes, and dimples, Donor 18552 gets his broad shoulders from competitive weightlifting when he was younger. He graduated from high school two years early (with an associate degree), then got a bachelor’s in psychology and studied post grad — with a 4.0. He loves the arts (he’s pursuing acting) but is also very scientific. His favorite holiday is Thanksgiving. In his family it’s a big party with a “turkey-off” using the recipes of his Trinidadian and Jamaican sides of the family.
Master Storyteller
With his chocolate-brown eyes and coffee-brown hair, Donor 18107 is a 6’2” charmer whose masterful Dungeons and Dragons storytelling skills rival those of J.R.R. Tolkien for inventiveness and excitement. He sees his B.S. in Political Science as the first step toward a future career in politics. Friends say he's 'a compassionate and selfless individual who puts the needs of many before his own.' Loyal and carefree, Donor 18107 loves everything about basketball — playing, refereeing games, coaching, everything!
Man of So Many Talents
We really like this artist’s vibe. Outgoing and always ready for adventure, Donor 17205 is a good-looking, bilingual (English/Spanish) psych major with an amazing head of hair (it’s must-see). Self-described as a “Type B” personality, nothing stresses out this talented musician/singer and wildly creative painter who’s influenced by Pollock but paints like Basquiat.
Dream and Achiever
Growing up in El Salvador in the loving care of two his grandmothers, Donor 16828 joined his parents in the U.S. at 15. Quickly settling into his new home, he became an MVP high school soccer player and went on to win multiple academic scholarships, allowing him to become the first in his family to attend college. Intelligent and very ambitious, he believes in making the most of every opportunity, whether it’s working on his B.S. in International Relations or helping others succeed.
Compassionate Life Coach
To Business and Beyond!
A Latino business/computer systems major, Donor 17297’s feet are on the ground and his head’s in the stars — he hopes to see the aurora borealis. An extrovert who prefers 80’s new wave, he advises “Don’t let others judge you, express yourself.” And “Toy Story” returns him to his childhood — playing basketball, hanging with friends, and tennis with his dad.
Mad Technical Skills
Donor 16889 is a fun-loving, drum-playing computer whiz who’s the go-to-guy that keeps critical IT networks up and running in times of trouble. He's charismatic, personable, and has a great smile. (Adult Photos Available) Passionate about helping others, he works with a non-profit that provides food to those in need. He also shows deep compassion toward his family and friends. Outgoing by nature, he enjoys snowboarding, volunteering, building computers (naturally), and drone photography.
Animal Lover, People Person
If you were ever lost in the jungle, Donor 16928 is the man who would get you back home safe, sound, and laughing about your amazing adventure. Combining the skills of Angus MacGyver with the charm of Steve Erwin this outgoing future veterinarian is as handy as he is smart and cool-headed. With the kind of encyclopedic knowledge of wildlife that could win millions on Jeopardy, this talented documentary filmmaker’s many interests range from searching for rare sea life while snorkeling in Hawaii to his never-ending quest to find the world’s best bao.
Peace, Love, and Music Man
Donor 16783 says he’s always planning something. With a BFA in musical theater, he has perfect pitch, loves to laugh, and always gets a laugh. People are surprised this guy has been dancing since he was seven (including ballet). A former wrestler, he still enjoys working out and prefers hot yoga for stress. His also loves “The Sandlot’s” Benny the Jet and breakfast cereal. While never afraid to stand up for himself, he believes in peace and love above all else.
Competitive Scientist
Jack of All Trades
No matter the task – whether it’s growing beautiful hybrid flowers in his amazing garden or cooking an unforgettable cherry braised lamb dinner for friends – this jack of all trades is up to the challenge. A passionate gardener, Donor 16478 is a true Renaissance man whose many talents include building furniture, playing guitar, creating irrigation systems, repairing cars – the list goes on. An autodidact who loves the outdoors, this military veteran enjoys hiking and time spent at the beach.
Articulate Magician
Tall and handsome with dark wavy hair, this political science major started doing magic as a way to take a break from his rigorous classes. Articulate, well-educated, and a lover of words, he was involved in theatre from a young age and enjoys creating live experiences for others. When he’s not busy writing magic show scripts and short fiction, he enjoys cooking, ultimate Frisbee, and playing board games. His unique talents include fencing (Junior Olympics qualifier), solving political questions, and sailing.
On the Right Track
Tall with dimples and a warm heart, this sociology student enjoys tutoring kids and being a mentor to his little brother. Donor 16158 has a strong work ethic. He credits his mom with inspiring him to be a hard worker and teaching him new skills like cooking and making floral arrangements. Very focused and motivated, he achieved degrees in Behavioral Science, Humanities, and Math, with a goal of becoming a college counselor. He is also very determined in his athletic pursuits. This track and field star won the title of high school runner of the year. He still enjoys running, working out, and lifting weights. Family is very important to him and he hopes to provide more for them in the future.
Loves to Help
Natural Protector
This donor views himself as an optimistic positive person who will eagerly take the initiative in a small or large group to break the ice – just like his dad. He values his family, and cherishes the conversations he has with his mother, who has always been his number one fan. Education is a staple in his life; he doesn’t just feel like he is solely accomplishing something for himself, but has his entire family’s legacy in mind. Donor 15079 pays close attention to small details; he can recall protecting his mother’s garden during a birthday party as a child, where all of his friends were running around being crazy. While he is not an avid risk taker, he is able to put his fears aside to accomplish his goals. Even if that means facing his fears head on, by showing a little girl his bravery and riding a roller coaster.
DJ Dad
14484 grew up in Mexico, went to boarding school in Germany, and worked in Canada! This international jet-setter has finally settled down in the U.S. with his young son and a great job in graphic design. He’s an awesome dad, and loves nothing more than to joke around, play outside, and listen to music with his child—he’s got great taste in tunes, and works on producing and DJing his own songs in his free time. In addition, this thrill-seeker loves motocross, wakeboarding, surfing, and skiing!
Hands-On
14377 loves working with his hands. After he got his first truck as a teenager, he developed a love for tinkering with cars, and goes to the garage whenever he needs to relax. After graduating with biology and chemistry majors, he entered the work force as a surgical assistant, helping his father at his dental practice. He gets a lot of hands-on experience with patients, who love his laid-back nature and dazzling smile. This handsome, 6’3’’ athlete loves to stay active whenever he can, and particularly enjoys snow sports like skiing and snowboarding, basketball, and football.
The Complete Package
Donor 12785 has rappelled down a canyon, sailed to an island on his own, bungee jumped off a bridge, and climbed a 1,000 foot rock formation – and that’s all just one of his summers. This laid-back yet enthusiastic risk-taker has a muscular build from his weight training, and also enjoys swimming and running. A math whiz civil engineer, he can fix just about anything under the sun, but don’t think he’s just an athletic, adventurous, intelligent guy; he’s also artistic, enjoying both drawing and graphic design.
Latin Lover
Donor 11206’s Colombian parents instilled in him a strong work ethic, a love of family and a zest for life. He’s 5’9”/178 lbs, with brown eyes, thick black hair, and boyish good looks. Weightlifting, soccer, baseball, football, and basketball keep him active and healthy, and he’s a skilled artist with a special talent for working with 3-D models. He’s majoring in Political Science and plans to own his own company and travel throughout Europe.
Big Heart, Big Plans
Fascinated by science, technology, and medicine, Donor 16359 is pursuing a second degree in nursing. His compassion and motivation for helping others extend beyond just caring for humans. This aquarist is an avid fish keeper and loves taking care of an ecosystem. Skilled in a variety of fields, he enjoys doing research, cycling, painting, and cooking. His favorite dessert to bake is pineapple upside-down cake. Although he says he’s a bit shy, he thrives when it comes to public speaking and is passionate about learning new things.
